I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't take you through a few bits of
common jargon that'll prepare you for whenever you're working with AWS IoT
interacting with others who have some experience with it or even just
trying to get through the AWS documentation.
So let's really quickly take a look at a few terms,
starting with the AWS IoT Core.
So what is this AWS IoT Core?
Well,
it includes everything from the IoT Device Gateway to the authentication
and authorization portions of the IoT systems in AWS,
also the Thing Registry where we go and actually register things,
as well as the Device Shadow Service, which I'll talk about shortly,
and the Message Broker,
which will allow us to manage the messages coming in and out of IoT devices,
as well as the Rules Engine,
which will allow us to do some things related to what happens
when devices take specific actions or some messages trigger
to some Message Broker topic.
So don't worry that we've only talked about some of
these things on the top level here,
I'll go into more detail on some of these bottom
level services in the next sections.
Now in addition to the AWS IoT Core, the words AWS IoT Device Management,
or IoT Device Management, are thrown around a lot too.
Now this essentially just means a few overlapping
characteristics of IoT Core itself.
And this includes things like the Thing Registry,
the Fleet Indexing Service, the Jobs Service,
device logging,
so essentially the logs that are actually generated from our IoT things,
also thing attributes,
both those searchable and non-searchable attributes that I mentioned earlier,
and also thing groups and types,
which are helpful to keep track of all those different
things that we have inside of our account.
So hopefully this will dispel some of the marketing jargon
and you can dive into this knowing what exactly is being
talked about with these two terms.
But now that I've talked about some of this jargon,
let's go ahead and recap what we've done inside of this entire module.
Now we started by looking at device software.
Now we looked at device software both for IoT things and also for edge data
processing with Amazon FreeRTOS and the AWS Greengrass Core.
Now that software enables us to do a lot of different things,
but we also needed the AWS IoT device SDKs to run on top of it to interact
with the AWS IoT Core and the services inside of it.
Now outside of that device software,
we looked at management services that allowed us to
do things ranging from security, authentication,
and authorization,
to being able to manage and onboard new IoT things and
devices that are coming into our system,
and also to clarify some of the terminology and concepts
surrounding many of these different components of IoT.
So hopefully you feel pretty confident about where you're at
with all of these different components,
and in the next modules we'll take a look at even more of them, so you can feel even more confident going forward.